Add `label` prop to `ColumnsLayoutPreview` (#2853)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/modern-berries-marry.md

---
"@comet/blocks-admin": minor
---

> Add `label` prop to `ColumnsLayoutPreview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `label` prop to `ColumnsLayoutPreview`

```

Slight improvements: The first line is the title and shouldn't have a period. Also, a new line is needed.

> Use it to customize the label of the column displayed in the `FinalFormLayoutSelect`. For e.g. to add an icon or add custom text.
> 
> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to customize the label of the column displayed in the `FinalFormLayoutSelect`.
For instance, to add an icon or add custom text:
```
